# FlippoIO – Native Windows Alternative To Caia
FlippoIO is an alternative to Caia for the game Flippo, that runs on Windows. The goal of this project is to bring offline codecup testing to the Windows platform while at the same time providing an improvement to Caia.

Some of its features include:
* Multithreading: all matches and competitions are spread over the available cores by default, without the need for a separate script that creates a ton of little other scripts.
* Supports Java out of the box: there is no need to copy a separate wrapper for each JAR file.
* Highly configurable: settings such as how many threads to use, the time limit, how many matches to play in a competition, and many more are easily configurable.
* Uses a command-based syntax instead of Caia's `competition.sh` and `manager.txt` files to give the user full control in a human readable manner.
* No more need for Cygwin and the annoyances that can come with its installation.
* FlippoIO comes as a single executable that requires no installation.
* A [match viewer](https://github.com/sleephacker/FlippoIO/tree/master/match%20viewer) is available to view matches in a GUI similar to the HTML files generated by Caia.

FlippoIO is available on GitHub at: https://github.com/sleephacker/FlippoIO/blob/master/FlippoIO.exe.
A manual and usage examples can be found here: https://github.com/sleephacker/FlippoIO/blob/master/manual/Manual.md.
If you have a question that isn’t answered by the manual, or if you have found a bug, feel free to contact me via the codecup forum or GitHub.
